There are various ways that you can
add images to react native we're
going to be looking at liquid images
network images and vector icons the SPGs.
So when I say local images I mean
images that are within your app so
you ship them with your app bundle.
So these are things that like one of
the things to be wary of is that if you
have a very large image.
You want to try to reduce
it as much as possible so
I usually use tiny PNG Yeah,
I usually use this if,
for example, your product team or
your client gives you a bunch of images.
I run them through here to minify them,
to make them as small as possible.
Because any local images
that you add to your app,
they will get shipped
with your app bundle.
So for example, if you have,
I don't know, 20 images or
one megabyte deeds that each
that's like 20 megabytes extra.
That every single user would have
to download, just use your app, so
that's something to be wary of.
All right, so usually, you can pretty
much put images wherever you want.
But in interest of keeping our code base
clean I usually create a new directory,
so at the top level that's
going into the source to here.
That's going to source to here, and
you follow that and it's called assets.
So you can you can do assets,
images, assets, bonds, so
any kind of content that
isn't code would go in here.
So I have chosen an image for
us to use already, so
if you right click Save as,
and then we will find our app.
So mine is in project next mood tracker,
and assets.
So here is our image, so surprise,
React Native has an image component,
that you can import from React Native.
And I'm gonna just render this image.
Okay, so to add local images,
we need to import the image
path using require.
So let's do const image source equals and
we'll use require.
And then, this will be the image pause,
so app app assets butterflies dot PNG.
Cool, and
the reason we need to do that is for
metroband to know where the images and
also package it, we ship your app.
So in image, so on the web,
you would use source
in [INAUDIBLE] just to make it
a little bit more frustrating.
Its source, the whole word and
we're passing the image source.
Now let's save this and see the image,
now let's talk about
the size of the image.
So you can see that I
didn't give it a width or
a height but it has some default size.
So the size actually comes
from the image itself, so
it will be in display
points whatever this is.
But whatever is compatible for
this device.
So now that we've rendered the image,
let's actually put it in a thank you page.
When the user has chosen an emoji and
we've done this,
let's flick to a version
of this view that says.
Thank you and like choose another, and
then it has the little
butterflies icon there.
So if we go to mood picker.
And let's add another state variable for
whether we're in this I have selected
state, so has selected [COUGH]
Has selected And this is a React use
state and we'll start with false.
So here so
just as a side note on TypeScript
because we're giving this initial value.
I don't need to explicitly
say that's gonna be a Boolean
type she will just know this.
So for hover over this,
it will say that it's a Boolean.
So let's do if has selected,
let's return early with a version of
this container that has the thank
you message and choose another.
So I'm going to reuse the same styles for
the container so
we'll have to type them so
let's do return.
And this is a view and let's copy
the button here the bottom pressable
And let's say choose another and
then on press,
we want to just set
have selected to false.
And here's our handle select,
we select the mood,
we said it's undefined but
also let's set has selected to true.
Okay, so I think this should work,
okay, cool.
So we have this toggling and let's also
move this image into a thank you page, so
I'm gonna copy this image source,
Move it in the new pickup.
And also import the image.
And let's render the image above here,
so we'll do source and then,
image source and I'm going to remove.
We have it from the home screen,
Great, so we have an image image but it's
on the side on the left of the screen.
So we wanted to be center, so I'll just
add a quick style, so style start image.
And in our style sheet let's
create a new style for
the image and
we'll use line self center, excellent.
So now we have this nice toggling
behavior with a nice image.
Now, I want to talk about is
adapting to screen sizes.
So one of the things you'd be wary of and
for mobile phones, especially.
Is that one pixel, when you do with ten,
this doesn't mean ten pixels,
it means ten display points.
And then a display point is basically
that relates to the pixel density so
if you have retina displays on iPhone for
example.
They have three times the amount
of precision on your images,
which means that their
pixel density is higher.
This is create really beautiful
user experiences for users, but
as developers is kind of a nightmare.
Because we need to provide images that are
compatible for all the different sizes.
So you might have seen file names before,
that have 2x and
3x, like add 2x and 3x in the file name.
And that's actually a convention for
mobile, so
here we have this image,
that's the normal size.
And then,
I have two more which are 2x and 3x.
If I save these surveyed,
click Save image as and
then save them both in
the same assets directory.
We'll have butterflies,
butterflies 2x and butterflies 3x and
what this actually does, so we don't
need to change anything in our require.
So we'll still go to butterflies to PNG.
What will happen behind the scenes is that
React Native will choose the correct file
depending on your pixel density.
So when you refresh,
you have the correct file For
the kind of pixel density you need.
And then,
you will basically have the right
resolution file like based on the device.
Which is an optimization thing we
don't have to think about on the web.
So as society images, by default,
the image size will be based on
the resolution of the main image.
So even though we have 2x and 3x here, it
will choose this as the reference point.
And then, just these are for
adjusting to the actual density and
to resize the image,
is actually on mobile devices.
It's really nice to use aspect ratio so
you can have either width or height and
an aspect ratio.
And then, you will adjust
accordingly which is quite handy and
also it will make sure it scales for
different sizes of bone.